how's in poky Smith here I am NOT
putting the very much as you like random
videos on I'm just not in video street
it's all kind of get along so I'm going
to put them all on in a bundle but yeah
that's why I'm not doing much on well
i'm going to show you how to build a
working garage door with my guests
thinner parts from your collection first
thing we're going to need is he's hey
it's good it's whatever it's good if
it's whatever color your wall is but you
have to make sure it's a one piece and
it goes in this has to be the right side
only a certain side to side with two
holes on it that side has to go go on
that like who's the piece let's just
take that and put that a little closer
the same thing with this one okay now i
have a few pieces these to finish my
wall you have to make sure they're one
down the piece is the hinges for your
garage in and now we're gonna start off
with a ever get what spaceplanes call
let me just count quickly just get all
these tires off
a recount
if you ask that was my dog I know it's a
little disgusting but that was my dog
hey a 65 14 base plate that's to me our
garage door hey and thinking of putting
a handle and you have to make sure
there's six on each side put your hand
on one now I would just stick out there
but I don't like the effect and it isn't
at all it's not Hollow so let's fix that
we're just going to take some of these
and a 2 by 2 tile we're going to put
them on like this where this is right on
the edge and then right make your pick
click it together like that we're just
going to do that until it the whole row
is covered with them
kind of have no choice but to build it
like that so make sure and that and I
don't want to leave it like that without
the tile so just be we're tired to tile
going like that so I'm just going to
throw a bunch of tiles on there you can
use what everyone but I don't care so
I'm just throwing the child I'm kind of
making a little pattern so yeah so I'm
trying to make a pattern
yeah you have to make sure to work
around the handle ok now let's get away
at my bowl come off I'm taking a 1 by 4
i'm just going to stick these on so our
little roof here it's extra tall and
they won by six then use a 1 by 6 in
there i just an hour roof piece I don't
know what it is well whatever your roof
is going to be just ring mmm yeah the
garage door we have to make sure it
clicks the right way with the hinges ok
perfect say yeah I let go and I didn't
even know it feels clicked in but you
have to make sure really clicked and
it's not working for me right now
see I'm pretty much getting that side by
king or no I got just making sure their
extra click did I have a stop in their
zone wanted to go flying actually I
don't have to stop anymore took a stop
but you need to need to stop if you
build exactly the way I am nice plate
the roof as you can see me it's somewhat
of a pattern i use the link back to meet
someone at that side thanks for watching